What is your name?	your name what
Where are you from?	you from where 
Where do you come from?	You come from where
What is your surname?	Your surname what
What is your family name?	Your family name what
What is your first name?	Your first name what
What is your address?	Your address what
Where do you live?	You live where
What is your telephone number?	Your telephone number what
What is your email address?	Your email address what
How old are you?	You old how
When and where were you born?	You born when and where
Are you married?	You marry
What’s your marital status?	Your marital status what
What do you do? 	You do what
What’s your job?	Your job what
Where did you go ?	You go where
Could you speak English when you were five years old?	You five year English speak what
How do you do?	You do how
How are you?	You how
How can I help you?	I help you how
May I help you?	I help you 
Can I try it on?	I it try?
Have you got something bigger?	You something bigger got?
How much does it cost? 	It cost how much? 
How would you like to pay?	You pay how
Can I pay by credit card?	I credit card pay? 
What’s that?	That what
What time is it?	Time what
May I open the window?	I window open
Is there a bakery near here?	there bakery here near?
Where is the nearest bank?	Bank near where
Who wrote this article?	Article wrote who
Is there any rice?	there any rice? 
Are there any sandwiches?	there any sandwich?
Is this your book?	Your book
Whose is that?	That who
What do you like to do on weekends?	you weekend like do what 
What does she look like?	She look like what
What would you like to eat?	You like eat what
What is it like?	It like what
What’s the weather like?	Weather like what
Would you like some coffee?	Coffee like you
Would you like something to drink?	you like drink what
What’s it about?	It about what
What do you think about this book?	you book think what
Is it difficult to prepare for GATE?	GATE prepare difficult
What are your views on Donald Trump as the America’s President?	Your view Donald Trump as America's President what
How was the movie?	Movie how
How do you feel about Clara?	you about clara feel how
how about some lunch?	Lunch how
Why don’t you take some time out and rest?	You time out and rest take not why
What shall we do this evening?	we evening do what
Why don’t we go out visit some old friends this afternoon?	We visit old friend afternoon this go not why
How many siblings do you have?	You siblings many how?
Are you in a relationship?	You in relationship?
Do you have any nicknames?	you nickname any?
Where do you study?	You study where
What’s your favourite colour?	Your favourite colour what
What’s your favourite food?	Your favourite food what
What’s your favourite movie?	Your favourite movie what
What’s your favourite TV show?	Your favourite TV show what
What’s your favourite game?	Your favourite game what
How tall are you?	You tall how
What’s your weight?	Your weight what
Who was your first crush?	Your first crush what
Who was your first partner?	Your first partner who
What is your birth of date?	Your birth of date what
What are your future plans?	Your future plans what
Do you like or hate your job?	You your job like or hate?
What’s your hobby?	Your hobby what
What are your talents?	Your talents what
What would your superhero name be?	Your superhero name what
Are you a psychic in any way?	you psychic in any way?
Most embarrassing thing to happen to you?	most embarrass thing you happen?
Best thing to happen to you?	you happen best what
What your shoe size is?	your shoe size what
What is your favourite outfit?	your favourite outfit what
Do you prefer to wear eastern or western?	you eastern or western wear prefer?
What are your favourite type of shoes?	your favourite type of shoes what
Are you a good actor?	you good actor?
Are you a good liar?	you good liar? 
Do you prefer to live alone or with someone?	you alone or with someone prefer live?
Your favourite job and why?	your favourite job what and why
What’s the scariest thing you’ve done?	you scare thing do what
Do you have any family secrets?	you family secrets have any?
What’s your hairstyle?	your hairstyle what
How do you look without makeup?	you without makeup look how
Do you know how to swim?	you swim know how
Name of the highest building in your area?	your area high building name what
Are you afraid of heights?	you height afraid?
If you were given chance to paradive or go parachuting, would you?	you chance paradive or parachute go given,you do what
Are you scared of the water?	you water scare?
Do you like traveling?	you traveling like?
Best hotel you’ve lived at?	you live best hotel what
Worst hotel you’ve lived at?	you live worst hotel what
Worst country you’ve been to?	you be worst country what
Best country you’ve been to?	you be best country what
How is your country’s community?	your country community how
